As always with this course, it comes with
a website which will give you all of
the background information, all of
the links to the various code pens, some
additional pointers and guidance along the
way as we work through the information.
And it's broken up into a chunk of
material pertaining to Flexbox and
a chunk of material pertaining to Grid.
So you can refer to this as you work
through the materials on the course.
And finally, all of the files
are available on GitHub, so
you can download all of the files and
follow along with everything that
I'm doing here in the course.
I am really excited to be recording
an update to the Flexbox and Grid course.
I've reworked almost all of the material
from the original version of this course.
And I'm including all kinds of new
techniques and new inspirations for
you that I hope will inspire you to make
more interesting layouts using Flexbox and
Grid.
So let's get started.